looking good Jeff that beige
windbreakers really light not my board
Oh do you know I mean my vagina what
that woman is a cancer bye Jeff
oh god here comes that weird little
stay-at-home mom is she wearing
Maddie was up all night barfing on my
hair but it's great I'm very happy gross
I think she's just got a sadness all
over me here comes Amy just don't know
how you leave your kids all day and go
to work
oh yeah but I also need things like
money right I'll see you guys later just
love how hard she would such a hard
worker I just said that Vicky got four
minutes to get Roscoe to the vet which
should be fine
you're super late for your marketing
meeting I can't believe I'm gonna be
late to my first soccer practice you
having a bad day it literally could not
get any more I called this emergency PTA
meeting to address an issue that affects
the safety of our children terrorism
the bake sale this is a joke what's not
now I can't do this anymore I'm done in
this day and age it's impossible to be a
good mom
screw it bad man get your together
Amy hi I was like to see if you'd like
to join me at the movies this afternoon
are we allowed to do that this is
literally been the best day of my life
Amy PTA meeting at 2:00 when we see you
there no hi Amy I run the PTA nobody
takes class kicks a ball but plays
clarinet unless I say so
she's a bully you have to take down
these perfect moms I say we go punch
that chick right in the tits yes this is
the best PTA meeting ever
I haven't had sex with my divorce and if
I get someone who's not circumcised I'll
show you this is the foreskin feel it
back okay just go to town what do we do
with this this is like a giant man clay
lick it flick it stick your face
on it it's gonna be like I'm not gonna
wear this sweatshirt ever again Oh mom
could your mom bras is my sexy bra you
don't even have any cleavage it's
bulletproof
definitely waterproof is it that bad
you're good move
Ches